moved and edited old git info from adding-git-guide (#11)
uavaustin/docs.uavaustin.org: guides/installation/src/git/git.md

```
$ git config --list --show-origin # shows config file location 
$ git config --list # shows all settings
```

## What to Know

There are a ton of good resources out there on how to use Git. You shouldn't
have a problem with finding any. At a bare minimum to make commits and things,
you should know how to use the following:

- `git add`
- `git commit`
- `git pull`
- `git push`
- `git checkout`
- `git branch`
- `git merge`
- `git stash`
 
### Good Resources:
- [Atlassian Git Tutorial](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials)
- [Atlassian Cheatsheet](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/atlassian-git-cheatsheet)
- [Interactive Git Branching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)
- [Stack Overflow Guide](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/315911/git-for-beginners-the-definitive-practical-guide)
- [Pro Git Book](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)
- [Official Documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs)

### Branching:
In order for us to all work together on the same project, we use Git branching
often. This allows us to all contribute at the same time without interference,
and for us to merge our work into the main line when it's done and has been
verified.

> In most UAV Austin repositories, the main state of the code is in the *master*

Reviewer: "main state" -> "latest version" for clarity
```suggestion
In most UAV Austin repositories, the latest version of the code is in the *master*
```

Author: Changed to "latest stable version"

> branch. For each card on Trello, generally, we will have a *feature branch* for
> it while it is in development. When it's just about finished, you'll add a
> *pull request* (or *PR*) to merge it into the *master* branch. A team lead will
> review the code real fast, make sure it's good, and then merge it in.

Reviewer: Potential clarity improvements 
```suggestion
branch. For each card on Trello, generally, we will create a new branch where we can add features, fix bugs, and develop (we call these branches *feature branches*). When it's just about finished, you'll add a
*pull request* (or *PR*) to merge it into the *master* branch. A team lead will
review the code real fast, make sure it's good, and then merge it in.
```

Author: Fixed

### Merging:
In Git, there are two types of merges:
- fast-forward merge
- three-way merge

If you want a more in-depth explanation, click [here](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/using-branches/git-merge).

**Fast-Forward Merge**

A fast-forward merge occurs when the feature branch's latest common ancestor
with the master branch is also the latest commit in the master branch. Fast-forward
merge is enabled by default.

Here's an example (switch to an appropriate directory):
```

> $ git init
> $ touch a.txt
> $ echo "commit 1" > a.txt
> $ git add . && git commit -m "first commit"
> $ git checkout -b feature branch

Reviewer: adding comments to each of these commands may provide clarity. Also, typo on line 77, should be "feature-branch"
```suggestion
$ git init #creates a new repository, starts you off in the master branch
$ touch a.txt #creates a new file
$ echo "commit 1" > a.txt #adds text to a file
$ git add . && git commit -m "first commit" #stages a change from the working directory to the staging area, then captures a "snapshot" of the staging area
$ git checkout -b feature-branch #creates and navigates to a new branch called "feature-branch"
```

Author: Fixed

- [Atlassian Git Tutorial](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials)
- [Atlassian Cheatsheet](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/atlassian-git-cheatsheet)
- [Interactive Git Branching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)
- [Stack Overflow Guide](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/315911/git-for-beginners-the-definitive-practical-guide)
- [Pro Git Book](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)
- [Official Documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs)

**Branching**:
In order for us to all work together on the same project, we use Git branching
often. This allows us to all contribute at the same time without interference,
and for us to merge our work into the main line when it's done and has been
verified.

In most UAV Austin repositories, the main state of the code is in the *master*
branch. For each card on Trello, generally, we will have a *feature branch* for
it while it is in development. When it's just about finished, you'll add a
*pull request* (or *PR*) to merge it into the *master* branch. A team lead will
review the code real fast, make sure it's good, and then merge it in.

**Merging**:
Make sure to use the `--no-ff` flag when merging by the command line, this will

> preserve the branch history on the graph.

Reviewer 2: I've never used this. Is this default? Maybe add an example here

Author: I added some examples in the "Merging" section. Let me know what you think

## Version Tagging

> *Directed towards team leads.*

Reviewer 2: We might want to have a link to a doc we all agree on; maybe [this](https://semver.org/)
